README.md, before:

# SbotLogger

Intercepts the console write and copies to a file. Adds optional timestamp.
Examines the first word to identify as a user supplied category.

Simple categories by prefacing message with meaningful strings. If they appear in
`notify_cats`, a dialog is presented. Those in `ignore_cats` are ignored.

Built for ST4 on Windows and Linux.

## Commands
None


## Settings
| Setting            | Description                     | Options   |
| :--------          | :-------                        | :------   |
| `file_path`        | Full path to the log file       | if empty default is `%data_dir%\Packages\User\SbotStore` |
| `mode`             | File add mode                   | `append` OR `clean` (on start) OR `off` |
| `time_format`      | How to format (strftime)        | `strftime format` OR empty (default timestamp) OR null (no timestamp) |
| `ignore_cats`      | Ignore these user categories    | comma separated strings |
| `notify_cats`      | Notify user if in categories    | comma separated strings |

Commit message:

Much logger fun. Popup if unhandled exception. Better category management.

README.md, after:

# SbotLogger

- Intercepts the console write and copies to a file.
- Adds optional timestamp.
- Examines the first word to identify as a user supplied category. These are fixed at
  four characters to match the log_message(cat, message) function in [SbotCommon](https://github.com/cepthomas/SbotCommon).
- If the category appear in `notify_cats`, a dialog is presented. Those in `ignore_cats` are ignored.
- Displays the stack trace from unhandled exceptions once (assumes you have to go fix your problem before continuing).


Built for ST4 on Windows and Linux.

## Commands
None


## Settings
| Setting            | Description                     | Options   |
| :--------          | :-------                        | :------   |
| `file_path`        | Full path to the log file       | if empty default is `%data_dir%\Packages\User\SbotStore` |
| `mode`             | File add mode                   | `append` OR `clean` (on start) OR `off` |
| `time_format`      | How to format (strftime)        | `strftime format` OR empty (default timestamp) OR null (no timestamp) |
| `ignore_cats`      | Ignore these user categories    | comma separated strings |
| `notify_cats`      | Notify user if in categories    | comma separated strings |
